Privacy Policy










NanoBanana is an independent product and is not affiliated with Google or other AI model providers. We provide access to AI models through our custom interface.




Last modified: October 29, 2024

1. Introduction
Please read this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") before using our Service including the Website, Widget, and API (as defined below), referred to collectively as the "Service". This Privacy Policy governs the types of information and data we collect and how we use and share this information. Your access to and use of the Service are available for your use only on the condition that you agree to the Terms of Service available under the following address: https://www.imgeditor.co/terms ("Terms of Service") which include the terms of the Privacy Policy set forth below. DanDan AI Limited ("Company") operates the Service. DanDan AI Limited is a Hong Kong limited company with its principal place of business at RM A133 OF UNIT 1, 15/F, BLK A, WAH SANG BUILDING, NO.14-18 WONG CHUK YEUNG STREET, SHA TIN, HONG KONG. We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.

2. Definitions
API means imgeditor.co application programming interface to be integrated with the User's software.
Cookies are small files stored on your Device.
Device means a computer or a mobile device.
Data Controller means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Service means together the Website, Widget, and/or the API (depending on the scope dedicated to a given User).
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
User is the individual using our Service. User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

Widget means a imgeditor.co widget that may be implemented to the User's website.
3. The Data Controller


4. Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

5. Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"), including:

Email address,
First name and last name,
Cookies and Usage Data.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access Service by or through a Device ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique Device identifiers, and other diagnostic data. When you access Service with a Device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of Device you use, your Device unique ID, the IP address of your Device, your operating system, the type of Internet browser you use, unique Device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your Device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Examples of Cookies we use:

Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service,
Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings,
Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes,
Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
6. Use of Data
DanDan AI Limited uses the collected Personal Data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Necessity for the performance of a contract to which you are a party;
To notify you about changes to our Service:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Necessity for the performance of a contract to which you are a party;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Necessity for the performance of a contract to which you are a party;
To provide customer support:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Necessity for the performance of a contract to which you are a party;
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Legitimate interests of the Data Controller;
To monitor the usage of our Service:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Legitimate interests of the Data Controller;
To detect, prevent and address technical issues:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Legitimate interests of the Data Controller;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Necessity for the performance of a contract to which you are a party;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Necessity for the performance of a contract to which you are a party;
To provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Necessity for the performance of a contract to which you are a party;
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Upon your consent;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information:
Type of Personal Data: Email address, first name and last name, Cookies and Usage Data;
Legal Basis: Necessity for the performance of a contract to which you are a party;
7. Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. Your Personal Data processed upon your consent will be stored for as long as the relevant consent is not withdrawn and until the expiration of claims resulting from the Service. We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

8. Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of Hong Kong where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. If you are located outside Hong Kong and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Hong Kong and process it there. The Company will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. When we transfer your Personal Data to other countries, we will protect that Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law. We use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Data among various jurisdictions.

9. Disclosure of Data
We may disclose Personal Data you provide:

Under certain circumstances, if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities;
If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition, or asset sale;
To our subsidiaries, affiliates, employees;
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
With your consent in any other cases.
We do not sell or otherwise share your Personal Data, except as described in this Privacy Policy.

10. Security of Data
We maintain appropriate security measures in compliance with Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486), which requires reasonable security procedures and practices to protect personal information. These measures include:

Administrative safeguards
Technical security measures
Physical security controls
Employee training and management
Regular security assessments
Incident response procedures
11. Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR. We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. You have the following data protection rights:

To access to your Personal Data by requesting sharing and/or sending a copy of all your Personal Data processed by us;
To request rectification of inaccurate Personal Data by indicating the data requiring rectification;
To request erasure of your Personal Data; we have the right to refuse to erase the Personal Data in specific circumstances provided by law;
To request restriction of processing of your Personal Data by indicating the data which should be restricted;
To object to processing your Personal Data conducted based on grounds relating to your particular situation;
To withdraw the consent to process your Personal Data at any time. Withdrawal of the consent is possible solely in the scope of processing made based on consent. We are authorized to process your Personal Data after withdrawal of your consent if we have the legal basis for such processing, for the purposes defined by that legal basis;
To lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the EU member state of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of Personal Data relating to you infringes GDPR.
If you wish to execute any of the above-mentioned rights, please email us at support@imgeditor.co. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please note, we may not be able to provide Service without some necessary data.

12. Your Data Protection Rights under Hong Kong Privacy Laws
Hong Kong residents have certain privacy rights regarding their personal information under the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486) and applicable laws. We ensure compliance with Hong Kong privacy and data security laws.

Under Hong Kong law, you have the right to:

Be informed about the personal information we collect and how we use it;
Access your personal information;
Request correction of inaccurate personal information;
Request deletion of your personal information;
Object to the processing of your personal information;
Request restriction of processing of your personal information.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the information provided in the "Contact Us" section.

Verification Process:

To protect your privacy and security, we may require verification of your identity before processing any rights requests. We will:

Verify your identity using reasonable methods;
Request only information necessary for verification;
Process your request within a reasonable timeframe as required by law.
13. Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services, or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.


14. Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

Analytics
Analytics is a web analytics service offered by that tracks and reports website traffic. uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service and Website. This data is shared with other services. may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. For more information on the privacy practices of , please visit the Privacy Terms web page. We also encourage you to review 's policy for safeguarding your data: Analytics Data Protection.

Mixpanel
Mixpanel is provided by Mixpanel Inc. You can prevent Mixpanel from using your information for analytics purposes by opting out. To opt out of Mixpanel service, please visit this page: Mixpanel Opt-Out. For more information on what type of information Mixpanel collects, please visit the Mixpanel Terms of Use.

15. Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g., payment processors). We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information. The payment processors we work with include:

Paddle - Paddle Privacy Policy.
16. Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

17. Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

18. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and updating the "Last modified" date at the top of this page, unless another type of notice is required by applicable law. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. By continuing to use our Service or providing us with Personal Data after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you if applicable, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy and practices described in it.

19. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

Email: hcblue@nanobananatests.online  
Phone: +86 13939081857
21. Governing Law
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of Hong Kong. Any disputes relating to this Privacy Policy shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong.

22. Privacy Policy Addendum
Addendum to Privacy Policy for Canada
Personal Data maintained and processed by our affiliates and third-party service providers in Hong Kong and other foreign jurisdictions may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a lawful access request by Hong Kong or foreign courts or government authorities. We will not provide your information to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior consent. For more information about our privacy practices; to access, update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information; or if you have a question or complaint about the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, please contact us using the information provided in the "Contact Us" section above.

Addendum to Privacy Policy for Mexico
To the extent Mexican privacy laws or regulations apply, the following additional Mexico-specific provisions apply and shall prevail over conflicting provisions in the Privacy Policy.

How We Use the Information We Obtain

In addition, we may use your Personal Data for the other purposes listed in the "Use of Data" section of the Privacy Policy, which may be considered secondary purposes under Mexican law. We do not use or share personal payment or financial information except in connection with the processing of payments or where there is another legal basis. You may withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Data by contacting us as indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section of the Privacy Policy. If you withdraw your consent for us to process your Personal Data for one of the primary purposes indicated above, then in some situations we may not be able to provide the service, though we may still engage in certain processing authorized by law. The Company may also use data and related data analysis in other Company products and services.

Information We Share

We may share your Personal Data as provided in the Privacy Policy, but to the extent permitted by law, you may withdraw your consent to this sharing by contacting us as indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section of the Privacy Policy. We also share the related information we obtain with our customers, partners, affiliates, and joint marketing partners. These entities, which collectively are referred to here as the "Business Partners," may use the information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may also share the information with our Business Partners and other third parties for warranty, troubleshooting or maintenance purposes, or for improving the design and performance of their products and services.

Requests for Access, Correction, Cancellation, Objection or Consent Withdrawal

In addition to any rights granted in the Privacy Policy, you may ask us to cancel your Personal Data to the extent permitted by law by contacting us as indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section of the Privacy Policy. Following a valid cancellation request, we may hold the Personal Data for the duration and purposes permitted by law before deleting it. We will answer your requests to access, correct or cancel your Personal Data or to object or withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Data within 20 business days from the date we receive your complete request or as provided by law. To be considered complete, your request must include your full name and contact address, and a clear and detailed description of your request.

Addendum to Privacy Policy for Japan
The Company complies with Japanese laws and regulations, including the Act on the Protection of Personal Information. The Company is primarily responsible for the management of the Personal Data that is jointly used with our affiliates or third parties. We will not provide your information to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior consent.

Addendum to Privacy Policy for Republic of Korea
Except as otherwise required by law, consumer Personal Data is securely disposed of without delay when (i) the consumer revokes his or her consent for our use of the information, (ii) the purpose of our collection and use of the Personal Data has been accomplished, or (iii) the legal retention period has expired. If applicable law requires the preservation of Personal Data that otherwise would be disposed of, the Personal Data is transferred to a separate database and then disposed of after the period determined by the applicable law. Personal Data is disposed of using a method that is reasonably likely to prevent the Personal Data from being restored or reused. We will not provide your Personal Data to third parties in violation of law (such as without your consent, where consent is required). For the purposes stated in the Privacy Policy, the Company or our affiliates are responsible for the handling of Personal Data with respect to services provided in the Republic of Korea.






Terms of Service










NanoBanana is an independent product and is not affiliated with Google or other AI model providers. We provide access to AI models through our custom interface.




Last modified: October 29, 2024

1. Introduction

These Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") are used to determine the rules of the Service and to clarify the legal relationship between the entity using the Service and DanDan AI Limited ("Company"). DanDan AI Limited is a Hong Kong limited company with its principal place of business at RM A133 OF UNIT 1, 15/F, BLK A, WAH SANG BUILDING, NO.14-18 WONG CHUK YEUNG STREET, SHA TIN, HONG KONG. The Company operates web pages located at imgeditor.co ("Website") and offers Service (as defined below in Section 2). The Service is dedicated to professional entities to help them conduct their business. Using the Website and/or the Service in any manner, also by going through the Account registration process, the User or the Guest declares that (i) he/she has read, understood and accepts the provisions of the Terms and Privacy Policy, (ii) his/her age and legal capacity enables to conclude an agreement with the Company, (iii) he/she has the right to act on behalf of the entity which he/she represents and his/her declarations are effective. If the User does not agree to apply under the provisions of the Terms, he/she should not use the Service. In such a case however, the User may contact the Company by emailing at support@imgeditor.co so the Company can try to find a solution.

2. Definitions

Unless otherwise indicated, the following capitalized terms have the following meaning:

- Account – means an individualized panel serving the User to exploit the Service and/or the Website.
- Agreement – means a subscription agreement that may be concluded between User and the Company, that specifies the scope and the price for using the Service.
- API – means application programming interface to be integrated with the User's software.
- Company – means ,
- Content – means the contents such as texts, pictures and other, which the Guest, or the User publishes, presents or sends on the Website or with the use of Service.
- Device – means devices such as a computer, telephone, smartphone, tablet or other electronic equipment which allows browsing web pages.
- Guest – means an entity browsing the Website.
- Intellectual Property – means any designations, inventions, utility models, industrial designs, works and other externalized expressions of creative activity that are the subject of exclusive rights of the Company.
- Licence – means a non-exclusive right to personal use of the API and/or the Widget.
- Link – means hyperlink referring to the Other Website.
- Mobile Device – means a portable device such as a telephone, smartphone, tablet or other electronic equipment which operates the Website and/or the Service.
- Notification – means message sent to the User as part of the Service.
- Other Websites – means websites other than the Website.
- Password – means the User's anonymized verification tool which enables the access to the Account and is the sequence of signs possibly to entry by using the keyboard of the computer or Mobile Device, which also allows entering text messages in the amount and configuration invented by the User however containing at least 8 signs.
- Privacy Policy – means the Privacy Policy, which defines the rules of personal data processing by the Company, available under the following internet address: [https://www./privacy](https://www./privacy).
- Service – means together the Website, Widget and/or the API (depending on the scope dedicated to a given User pursuant to the Agreement).
- Terms – means these terms of service available under the following address: [https://www./terms](https://www./terms).
- User – means an entity who owns the Account.
- Website – means web pages located at .
- Widget – means a widget that may be implemented to the User's website.

Above mentioned definitions retain their meaning regardless of whether they are expressed in the singular or the plural.

3. General Rules

Using the Service means full acceptance of the Terms. The Terms apply to relations between the Company and the Guest or the User only. If the Service and/or the Website introduces the possibility of providing services by other entities, they will be provided on the basis of regulations shared by these entities and only these entities will be responsible for the execution of the services, except the content of the Terms clearly and unambiguously indicates otherwise. Each entity using the Service and/or the Website is obliged to use it in accordance with its destiny resulting from the Terms. Using the Website is permissible provided that the Device meets jointly the following minimum technical requirements:

- has access to the Internet,
- allows the start-up of one of the following internet browsers: (i) Chrome, (ii) Opera, (iii) Firefox, (iv) Safari, (v) Microsoft Edge,
- the internet browser version used cannot be older than one year,
- has JavaScript enabled.

Using the API is possible if the following minimum technical requirements are met:

- has access to the Internet,
- has software that enables sending HTTP requests.

Using the Widget is possible if the following minimum technical requirements are met:

- has access to the Internet,
- allows the start-up of one of the following internet browsers: (i) Chrome, (ii) Opera, (iii) Firefox, (iv) Safari, (v) Microsoft Edge,
- the internet browser version used cannot be older than one year,
- has JavaScript enabled.

It is recommended to install anti-virus software on the Device or on the Mobile Device.

4. Account

Account set-up is possible through the Website. Account set-up requires logging in using Facebook account, account or registering by providing other personal email and Password. When you create an Account you should provide us with accurate, complete, and current information at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Website and Service. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account and Password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your Device or Mobile Device and/or Account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your Account and/or Password, whether your Password is with our Website and Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account. You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization. You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene.

5. Communications

By creating an Account, you can agree to subscribe to newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information we may send.

6. Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions

Any contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (collectively "Promotion(s)") made available through Service or Website may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms (in particular set out in the Agreement, if concluded). If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms, Promotion rules will apply.

7. Subscriptions

Some parts of Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis ("Billing Cycle"). Billing cycles are set either on a monthly or annual basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription. At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or the Company cancels it. You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your Account or by contacting Company's customer support team at support@imgeditor.co. A valid payment method, including credit or debit card, Apple Pay or Pay, is required to process the payment for your subscription. You shall provide the Company with accurate and complete billing information including (i) full name, (ii) email address, (iii) country, (iv) business's legal entity name, (v) VAT tax number and (vi) a valid payment method information. By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize Company to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your Account to any such payment instruments. Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, Company will issue an electronic invoice indicating that you must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: service availability, errors in the description or price of the service, error in your order or other reasons. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected. Company is not responsible for any additional fees, including taxes, imposed by the relevant authorities of the country in which the person submitting an order resides / is located. Payment of these additional fees remains the responsibility of the person submitting the order.

8. Fee Changes

The Company, in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify Subscription fees for the Subscriptions. Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle. The Company will provide you with a reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective. Your continued use of Service after Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.

9. Refunds

Except when required by law, paid Subscription fees are non-refundable.

10. Content

Our Service and Website allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible, in particular to your customers, for Content that you post on or through Service including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness. By posting Content on or through Service or Website, You represent and warrant that: (i) Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of your Content on or through Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the Account of any User found to be infringing on a copyright. You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through Service or Website and you are responsible for protecting those rights. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for Content you or any third party posts on or through Service.

11. Prohibited Uses

You may use Service or Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with Terms. You agree not to use Service or Website:

- in any way that violates any applicable national or international law or regulation,
- for the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content or otherwise,
- to transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any "junk mail", "chain letter," "spam," or any other similar solicitation,
- to impersonate or attempt to impersonate Company, a Company employee, another User, or any other person or entity,
- in any way that infringes upon the rights of others, or in any way is illegal, threatening, fraudulent, or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful purpose or activity,
- to engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of Service or Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm or offend Company or Users of Service or Website or expose them to liability.

Additionally, you agree not to:

- use Service and Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair Service or Website or interfere with any other party's use of Service, including their ability to engage in real time activities through Service or Website,
- use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access Service or Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on Service or Website,
- use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on Service or Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent,
- use any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of Service or Website,
- introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material, which is malicious or technologically harmful,
- attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of Service or Website, the server on which Service or Website is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to Service or Website,
- attack Service or Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack,
- take any action that may damage or falsify Company rating,
- otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of Service or Website.
12. Analytics
We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service and Website.

Analytics

Analytics is a web analytics service offered by that tracks and reports website traffic. uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service and Website. This data is shared with other services. may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. For more information on the privacy practices of , please visit the Privacy Terms web page.

Mixpanel

Mixpanel is provided by Mixpanel Inc. You can prevent Mixpanel from using your information for analytics purposes by opting out. To opt out of Mixpanel service, please visit this page: Mixpanel Opt-Out. For more information on what type of information Mixpanel collects, please visit the Mixpanel Terms of Use page.

13. Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise stated, DanDan AI Limited and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on the Service. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from the Service for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these Terms.

You must not:

Republish material from the Service
Sell, rent, or sub-license material from the Service
Reproduce, duplicate, or copy material from the Service
Redistribute content from DanDan AI Limited (unless content is specifically made for redistribution)
14. User Content
DanDan AI Limited allows you to post, link, store, share, and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.

By posting Content on or through the Service, You represent and warrant that:

The Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms.
The posting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other rights of any person or entity.
DanDan AI Limited reserves the right to terminate the Account of any User found to be infringing on a copyright.

15. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall DanDan AI Limited, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from:

Your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service;
Any conduct or content of any third party on the Service;
Any content obtained from the Service;
Unauthorized access, use, or alteration of your transmissions or content.
16. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless DanDan AI Limited and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers, and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs, or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from:

Your use of and access to the Service;
Your violation of any term of these Terms of Service;
Your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right;
Any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party.
17. Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.

If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.

18. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.

19. Changes to Terms
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, we will provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.

20. Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us:

Email: hcblue@nanobananatests.online
Phone: +86 13939081857


21. Miscellaneous
Entire Agreement

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and DanDan AI Limited regarding your use of the Service and supersede any prior agreements between you and DanDan AI Limited.

Waiver and Severability

No waiver by DanDan AI Limited of any term or condition set forth in these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of DanDan AI Limited to assert a right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.

Assignment

DanDan AI Limited may assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without your consent. However, you may not assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.

No Agency

No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship exists between you and DanDan AI Limited as a result of these Terms or use of the Service.

Acknowledgement

By using our Service, you acknowledge that you have read and understood these Terms of Service and agree to be bound by them.


Refund Policy
NanoBanana is an independent product and is not affiliated with Google or other AI model providers. We provide access to AI models through our custom interface.
Introduction
We want you to be completely satisfied with our service. If you're not happy with your purchase, we offer a straightforward refund policy to ensure your peace of mind.
Eligibility for Refunds
•	Refund requests must be made within 7 days of purchase
•	Less than 50% of purchased credits must have been used
How to Request a Refund
1.	Contact our support team via email or through our contact form
2.	Provide your order number and reason for the refund request
3.	Our team will review your request and respond within 2-3 business days
Processing Time
Once approved, refunds will be processed within 5-7 business days and credited back to your original payment method.
Policy Changes
We reserve the right to modify this refund policy at any time. Changes will be effective immediately upon posting to our website.
